--replace option

non-WM mode, where minyaty is just a switcher

config file should not require pattern for all, uncategorized

use circulate-windows-alt logic to decide which window to raise when the current window is closed

new windows can steal focus only if child of current window
	or share a non-root parent with current window?
	configurable

unmap event → circulate up?

commands to show, hide, and toggle taskbar visibility

Unhandled exception: Missing hash key: "patterns" (KeyError)
	config file category without pattern

taskbar click on currently-focused window circulates it up
	or other, configurable behavior

taskbar visual distinction for alternate window?

taskbar shows X11 window name and other properties

taskbar has appropriate EWMH properties for a task bar. See _NET_WM_STRUT, _NET_WORKAREA.
	and other EWMH requirements, like _NET_SUPPORTING_WM_CHECK. See https://specifications.freedesktop.org/wm-spec/wm-spec-latest.html

taskbar click on category name cycles through
	or anywhere in a category's region that is not a window item

Prefix output with program name so it can be easily extracted from xsession-errors file

move last_category logic out of command.cr to Window#raise ?

deb package

"all" and "uncategorized" categories should always exist, even if not configured
	presence in config file only controls whether they appear in taskbar
	when no categories are defined, "uncategorized" is equal to "all". This is fine.

Taskbar to top of window stack upon refresh

use channel to send refresh command to X taskbar fiber, instead of doing TASKBAR.refresh in X event fiber ?
	debug: see how ofter X-event-initiated TASKBAR.refresh
		if it's a lot, maybe just rely on the timer-based refresh? 200msec or something

dialog windows map at configurable origin instead of 0,0
	command to move to other side of screen? Useful for GIMP filter previews.

ability to designate a window as always-on-top

only query_all_windows once upon event, store them in an internal object, populate each with properties. Query the internal object (by window_id) when needed.

browser window titles can easily contain substrings that match other categories inadvertently

GUI tool that accepts a text string and raises a window by fuzzy match

toggle debug mode with a command
